feat(guide): Add `DV HDR10+` description in the quality profile guide (#1756)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf/radarr-all-hdr-formats.md

        <p align="center">![Flowchart](/Radarr/images/flowchart-hdr-dv-webdl.png){ width="20%" height="20%" }

        | Custom Format                                                                                   |                           Score                           | Trash ID                                   |
        | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------: | ------------------------------------------ |
        | [{{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['name'] }}](/Radarr/Radarr-collection-of-custom-formats/#dv-webdl) | {{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['trash_scores']['default'] }} | {{ radarr['cf']['dv-webdl']['trash_id'] }} |

>     ??? abstract "Add Custom Format `DV HDR10+ Boost` + `HDR10+ Boost` - [Click to show/hide]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ??? abstract "Add the Custom Formats `DV HDR10+ Boost` and `HDR10+ Boost` - [Click to show/hide]"
```
